Speaker 1    00:00:01    

For recipe revolution. What I worked on, It was an application for an iOS app owner To doctors. The current implementation Had it shoes With Too much To get through After installing Another thing was that the pictures aren't up to date and why is that a big deal? The research Undertaken Told us a team of five UX designers That to get to the, the point of the app, Which is to convert recipes, To Gluten free recipes That needed To be learned as quickly as possible. So we had to clear hurdles. There were a lot of hurdles In the flow of this app. We thought about the user first As their only hurdle being, getting to the first recipe Also. So making sure they are not boxed down by check boxes, that require them to agree to the terms, To hash out what it meant for the business  


Speaker 0    00:02:19    To,  


Speaker 1    00:02:20    We took information about the uninstalls And tried to see what we could find Many were uninstalling Immediately. So we to have too much to go on there. So we went to The legal warnings That gave us an easy takeaway for the legal warnings. I identified something that Can be checked off at the beginning And persist As having approved those terms. This was a business requirement. Two doctors behind the project Were concerned Since they are making these recipes, gluten free via, And their background is medicine. They made it a priority to have it On the app So that they could be clear About what Type of advice they are receiving. However, for the user, their hands are full. They are doing the cooking. There's not much more than you can do When you're already doing two things at a time, much less checking off numerous disclaimer, boxes, Things that were helpful about the product. We had pictures already. The style did not match up between those pictures, but in our re search, it came up as something we had to address. So why the pictures, The differing lighting conditions, But at the same time Too similar  
Speaker 1    00:05:24    Death Gave us our aha moment, An implicit requirement To get the user, to upload the picture Other than the product owner to upload a picture. So the other way around, The way we got here was from sketching To break down the sketching part a bit. The first step in sketching brought us towards What can we do To Shave away some of the alerting time When they first explore the app, The group of five designers. And I tested several times The least amount of clicks To get to the first Step Organically. Our solution became cutting down the time To get to exploring The app To a very small number effectively. The moving obstacles for the business Who is trying to onboard the user, Improving the time it takes to learn the app Was facilitated by drawing out a user flow. That is, We take it as far as we can see the application, Getting through all these steps, linearly with every action Syncing up with every photo To become the normal that the app wants to be. We got ideas Before We had sketches. We put those ideas on paper <affirmative> then we put the sketches on paper.  

    
    Speaker 1    00:08:19    We have A high tolerance for Viewing The visual part of an app. The pictures, Playfulness of apps, like Instagram Kind of came out In the sketches After the testing, Which is why we knew we were on some kind of track And that the visuals were not in the end of distraction And were helping the business priority of a onboard. So that's what I work with Aside from Taking and removing The legalese a bit. Another requirement was as The photos, that was the second requirement. It was necessary to stitch these Priorities together. And even if we called to something already done In the business space, something like Instagram <affirmative>, at least it came out after testing. And it was our impression that this was our main deliverable. We have many obstacles to go Before we get to a mid-level wire frame, Including what screens would be needed just for the upload stage. But we knew where to dedicate our immediate time within the timeframe of three exact weeks, We talked to the doctor, Presented what we thought our visuals would be And why pictures were so important. Why had in one photographer, It seemed, we're not bringing out the positive, the good energy  

    
    Speaker 1    00:11:28    Of the Food products that can be transformed together with the app. This was becoming clear <affirmative>. And so At this point, the visuals Heading into the high fi wire frame For the team's final representation Of the product Of a fun product, We could further discuss sketching for a minute. I identified the implicit requirement Because it was shown at the moment that the users were not converting. Imagine your situation, your working in the kitchen and following the recipe off the phone. But you're checking a lot of disclaimer, boxes and learning how to use the app. Cutting down this time Was also in the user interviews We conducted. We stayed within the bounds of the time. It took To complete one interview, But it was worth the effort We made significant Gains into the issues that were needed for addressing that needed to be addressed by a UX designer, Pinpointing places in the app flow that only created doubt that this app app was indeed what the user needed, even though the user Likely got there because of a Need to search for a gluten free conversion app, Sticking and compiling, the facts Was a big deal for the business and the user  

    
    Speaker 1    00:14:30    And nuances Of cutting down the time, Turned into an actual approach That given more time could transport the upload meal feature Into The richest. Most interesting takeaway for a new user directly addressing Uninstalls That were happening immediately after install. This person made me look at my, my own time to do things and to learn What the user Theme was trying to tell me. And I was inspired to improve my own time boxing efforts And control my pace Of putting ideas to paper. The furnish product Has now very little warnings, Approvals check boxes, that persist Metrics that need Be looked at again And Something easier to explore For some, A necessity To explore gluten free options. We cut down the time that they spent Learning how to use the app And putting to better use Their motivation And their momentum By addressing an implicit Instagram style problem. This Can be Also used for takeaways for the restaurant business in general. There are lessons here of about stitching together. Well lit Maybe semi-professional Pictures, Cuz you really have to reflect that of The style of foodies To Get somebody interested. So we did make a dent in the project.  
Speaker 1    00:17:53    The amount of time, again was three weeks From Interviews, stakeholder interviews To mid fidelity prototype And the later prototype  

    
    Speaker 0    00:18:13    Was done  

    
    Speaker 1    00:18:17    Afterwards. 
