# App for dietary requirements

1.  [Recipe Revolution](#org02aba3b)
    1.  [Learning to represent restrictions](#org7c4a43e)
        1.  [To our goals](#org04c049f)


<a id="org02aba3b"></a>

# Recipe Revolution

<https://xd.adobe.com/view/038ea04b-be9b-42a8-8b5a-e1c9f1537b96-56dd/?fullscreen>


<a id="org7c4a43e"></a>

## Learning to represent restrictions

**An already created recipe app**

I stepped into this project for an app that was already created. A
mobile app improving a life with health restrictions. The work has great
affect after the launch.

**Project Challenge**

For a dietary-restrictive informational app, how could we address target
users more directly? Abrupt uninstalls needed addressing.

**Background**

Every person we interviewed *wanted* this to work. This app, created by
two doctors, did the work of crunching recipe numbers to get you a
*gluten-free* result. There are hurdles, but those obstacles lay at the
moment when the app is installed. It requires the user to do the bulk of
the learning. The user had a lot of work to do immediately after
install.

**Why Learnability?**

Our issue was that our user had to learn a lot just to get started. If
the user can learn quickly, that is great. If we can remove some
obstacles &#x2013; even better.


<a id="org04c049f"></a>

### To our goals

Let us try to get the number of clicks needed to input a recipe down to
some very small number. The stakeholder wants to implement an
"onboarding" feature. In a very imaginative but focused way, we set out
to bring out in a (visualization)[#] a persona of one user. They will
help us mentally paint who we are trying to serve.

**Depth of Strategy**

We planned interview research and among the feedback was to ask where
their excitement went after downloading from the iOS Store? The
interviews said the information was in pieces at first. I noticed a
subtle pattern within the recipe calculator.

I kept in mind what amount of time it takes to learn the app and what
can be put into an onboarding system. The process of going through
onboarding will cost time for the user. The time it takes to learn an
app requires motivation. But there are no shortcuts to excitement. It
has to work better and faster.

I still had a list from the top of the project where we had unfiltered
thoughts on the project in a list form. I incorporated this into the
question guide when we conducted interviews. Before this, I also brought
it up to the founder of the app. My notes from that interview included
that users with gluten allergies wanted to apply a known common recipe
to get back a set of ingredients that could not contain specific items.

**Sketches**

I needed to have the core issue revealed to me. I was versatile in
drawing many components on a mobile-sized canvas to define the
boundaries of what our team is doing. I want to have in mind a better
picture of what my contribution will be. ‚Äç

